South Africa tells the international
court of justice please be seated the
world is witnessing a textbook case of
genocide unfold in Gaza this killing is
nothing short of destruction of
Palestinian life it is inflicted
deliberately no one is spared not even
newborn babies K it has started legal
proceedings against Israel in the un's
highest legal body looking to show a
pattern of large scale homicidal
destruction that qualifies as acts of
genocide for the past 96 days Israel has
subjected Gaza to what has been
described as one of the heaviest
conventional bombing campaigns in the
history of Modern
Warfare South Africa is arguing Israel's
military campaign since hamas's attack
on Southern Israel on October the 7th
has been nothing short of the systematic
destruction
in whole or in part of Palestinians as a
population group as we stand today
1% of the Palestinian population in Gaza
has been systematically
decimated in order to establish intent
South Africa's lawyers say the court has
the benefit of Simply being able to
listen to the words of the Israeli
leadership Israel's political leaders
military Commanders and persons holding
official positions have systematically
and in explicit terms declared their
genocidal
intent their messages faltering down
into the rank and file of the Israeli
Army singing
proudly Madame President genocidal
language says
tbei comes from the very top genocidal
utterances are therefore not out in the
fringes they are embodied in state
policy Palestinians have suffered 75
years of Oppression 57 years of
occupation and 16 years of a Siege on
Gaza and for all that time Israel for
years has regarded itself as Beyond and
above the
law as the UN special rorer on the
occupied pal Palestinian territories
explained in 202 22 and I
quote the occupation by Israel has been
conducted in profound Defiance of
international law and hundreds of United
Nations resolutions with scanted push
back from the International Community
outside the court in the streets of
ramala and the occupied West Bank and
among those crammed into an Ever smaller
sliver of land in Gaza South Africa's
given hope to a people crying out for
their suffering to be seen and literally
done
to be
M make sure to subscribe to our channel
to get the latest news from Al
jaer